He was a wilting flower in her presence.
He was a rather frightened flower in her presence.
She was on the final railway tracks of life, approaching the judgment of the terminal station.
He was in a state of high terror at the rough justice being meted out.
The blue evening bells still ring from the twilit towers
The white voice talked to me: Kill yourself!
I had a rather blue and ideological disgusted feeling.
The old woman had an open heart.
The rich man had a cold heart.
The stone statue had a cold smell.
souls have the sense of smell in Hades.
Poor witnesses for people are eyes and ears if they possess barbarian souls.
A dry gleam of light is the wisest and best soul.
He confronts the world like a camera with the shutter left open, permitting the images to burn into his brain."
Previously these communities were imposed on us, along with their mental weather.
But the real magic is witnessing her mind and imagination at work. They are as fertile and supple as jazz.
His mind was a synthetic sky: blue, blank, cloudless.
The sentences were as clear in his mind as if written there.
Our brains are so scrambled that it's starting to make sense that none of it makes sense.
My mind was densely fogged, but I understood that I was in an M.R.I. machine. Someone was scanning my brain.
It's never really dark anyway, not even inside the skull
Memory is a tough place.
The trees of the mind are black.
All my thoughts are slow and brown.
Dare you see a soul at the white heat?
In the red glare of the digital clock, my brain rattled its cage.
The red silence enveloped everyone after the accident.
The candy had a very blue taste! 
The actress beautiful footsteps in the movie.
The artist has the brightest touch with a paintbrush.
His soft intentions will not help him achieve his goals. 
The police officer’s warm thinking comforted the victim. 
A sweet silence clouded the stadium after the win/
The ability to think safely is a talent given to some. 
The pasta I had at the restaurant yesterday had a very quiet taste.
A dream can be heavy, if burdened by responsibilities. 
The new car's sexy designed changed the fortunes of the company.
He was dressed rather vulgarly in a loud, black suit.
The policeman let him off with a yellow card. 
Crocodiles teeth are white daggers, so be careful. 
I love that really big old green antique car that is always parked at the end of the street. 
My sister has a beautiful big white bulldog.
His house is bigger than that one.
This flower is more beautiful than that.
He is more intelligent than this boy.
Jonathan is the most handsome man on campus.
I lost my most comfortable shoes.
My job is worse than yours.
Lisa is wearing a sleeveless shirt today. 
This soup is not edible.
He writes meaningless letters.
This shop is much nicer.
Ben is an adorable baby.
Linda’s hair is gorgeous.
I met a homeless person in NY.
Ancient, precious coins are exhibited in this museum.
What a delicious taste of this apple.
I have got a little money, it is enough to buy this book.
My dog has blue eyes and fluffy skin.
This night we have an appointment at a big restaurant for a corporate meeting.
A large car can not pass through a narrow road.
These cakes are burnt. I have to do a new one in the evening, my guests will come.
Look! That phone is mine. You can’t look without permission.
That child sure is joyful!
It was so disgusting in my son’s bedroom.
She is the smartest in the class.
It was a long, beautiful summer.
We had a fabulous and exciting time on vacation.
It is dank and dreary working in the mines.
Today is a crisp, cool spring day.
She donated her old cashmere sweater.
Julia was wearing her huge gold earrings.
Joe demolished his dilapidated wooden shed.
The presentation was not entirely boring.
The incredibly tired bear was lying down.
The waves are way too high.
The beautifully embroidered sweater was made by hand.
I walked away from the man who was covered in sweat.
The extremely loud party next store was getting on my nerves.
The overly angry onlookers started a riot.
