She ate her feelings.
Broken in flight, the bird scythed down to the waiting moor.
He cut his friend off mid sentence.
I carried his name.
Inflation ate all my savings
He shot down all of my arguments.
My heart fills with pleasure
My heart dances with daffodils.
The breaking news stirred my excitement
The views she held were downright disgusting.
She held views that were downright disgusting.
His head was spinning with ideas
It's raining cats and dogs
She melted into his arms when he apologized.
She watched in horror as the dead bird floated down from the sky.
He cut me off, yet still I carried his name.
For souls it is death to become water, and for water death to become earth.
It is difficult to fight with one's heart's desire. Whatever it wishes to get, it purchases at the cost of soul.
Uplift yourself from your lower self, even as an elephant draws himself out of a muddy swamp.
Is this an O.K. time to let the kids play Fortnite until their brains melt into the back seat?
My mind had no choice but to drift into an elaborate fantasy realm.
You let your mind wander and follow it where it goes.
You can't take your eyes off his eyes--blue and unblinking, as he confronts the world like a camera.
Still, she stood there, and locked them in her mind for an hour.
If I watched long enough, I felt lightly hypnotized, as if one of those disembodied hands had reached in and massaged my brain.
They bleed -- if not from hands then from their sensitive souls.
Your hands were making artifacts in the corner of my mind.
Time spent leisurely exploring my mind's interior right now is absolutely time wasted.
When you direct your mental spotlight to the basketball passes, it leaves the rest of the world in darkness.
Thoughts just come and go and change shape like the clouds.
If we do not kill these zombie ideas once and for all, they will do even more damage next time.
A zombie idea is one that keeps coming back, despite being killed.
Like butterflies with frayed wings, thoughts fly at me in random and rapid succession.
tell me, Bird, how soul inhabits the place of fire.
how soul dwells there in its trembling?
Feelings are what create a person, something unwilling, something wild vandalizing whatever the skull holds.
That's the bruise the ice in the heart was meant to ice.
Shine on me baby, because it's raining in my heart.
Spiders swing through my heart.
Goldsmith deliberately sipping at the honey-pot of his mind.
But if I can identify the lizard of envy crawling around in my psyche, I can usually tamp down the ire.
Ayahuasca takes you to the swampland of your soul,
About once a month I run across a person who radiates an inner light.
He told me that, while many people find that walking or jogging shakes ideas loose from the subconscious, he needs to quell all physical activity.
Poetry was an attempt to dig into the buried stuff inside a person’s psyche.
In some ways, it's like peeking into the black box of our mind, seeing the puzzle pieces that put our regular perception together.
A universe of information swirled around in his brain.
How can I kill a process?
The wheels of Stalin’s regime were well oiled and already turning.
Diana and Charles did not succeed in mending their marriage
Sheila went to the house to grab a rake.
The boy played the piano in the foyer.
John visited the White House with his friends.
Jill and Tommy held hands at the movies.
Dan and Timmy loved their new toys.
Terry adores her best friend.
Connor broke the glass in his car and must replace the windshield.
The knowledge gained from reading is invaluable.
He is begging to save her mother’s life in front of the doctor.
David is writing a novel about wildlife heritage.
You are coming right now at the seminar.
She is smiling in front of the audience.
They are selling their company’s products to people.
He apologized to the teachers.
He left this bag here and went outside.
He is sitting next to you.
Everyone likes to watch a magic show.
America is a developed nation.
You are always trying to jump over the wall.
We are knowing each other.
Alcohol causes Cancer.
He is riding his new bike all-day.
We are participating in the cultural program.
That Aeroplane was flying above the clouds.
The police are asking about the incident that happened last night.
I am not feeling well to go to the stage.
This museum will close after an hour.
Andrew is playing basketball at the college tournament.
She loves exploring the coves down by the ocean.
Make sure you bring dessert to Thanksgiving this year. 
We're building a new bookshelf. 
The cat chased the mouse around the yard.
My neighbor will check my mail when I go on vacation.
You have to choose your meal for the reception.
In order to collaborate on this project, our team met twice a week.
Collecting coins is one of my favorite hobbies.
I always make sure to like and comment on my friends' posts. 
With family overseas, we're lucky that we can communicate through video chats.
It's hard not to compare yourself to your classmates, but you should focus on achieving your own goals. 
I convinced my friend to start a study group.
